I am so excited today~~~
because...
We have to see... just you and me...
I have always been a favorite stream live clip
This thing is painful... I can't stand it anymore ( ́∀`)
But then you know that this is the best (>∀<)
The main point of stream is...
Once the content is broadcast...
Can never be deleted
( ́∀`)
This is the essence of the place
I am super anxious when I broadcast live on the stream...
Will accidentally say what is wrong with what is wrong
People also attack me
Let's just laugh at other people's sly moves (・∀・)
( ́∀`)
Ok, so this is the live broadcast of the 2014 fast game summer marathon.
Tomba! 2's fast clearance
*game*
It’s amazing to have a quick look.
Don't get me wrong! I think it's really fun to get through the customs.
Swan, my camera is gone.
Don't get me wrong, I don't come to the acid fast.
People doing things in a limited time make people feel interesting and impressive.
Because Jesus Christ, I am joking.
Let me talk back to the film.
I am pretty sure that the above is "Autism" (it writes "art")
Because the people who make this are very ingenious
* looks... pretty fun*
So we have...
Cavemen who has a beard
and also...
*belch*
Next to him is Chibi himself sitting on the sofa during the fast clearance.
Imagine now...
Imagine playing the same game over and over again.
Again and again and again
Desperately playing
It’s time...
This is your only mastery skill
Also the only talent acquired
It is also the only talent in this life.
Don't misunderstand, so imagine what you did...
This is the moment when the light is glowing.
It’s time to show your ability...
Then this little bastard Chibi
Sitting next to you without stealing your focus
Let’s see
*Hello everyone, I am Caveman DCJ*
*This game is called Tomba! 2*
*Good start 喔*
Chibi: *The plot is more abundant than the big stupid cat...*
So Chibi is trying...
Don't let the atmosphere cool down... I am also very understanding of what he is doing.
The first Chibi is the only one...
( ́∀`)
I like Chibi is the only one with legs open.
He is definitely the focus on this sofa.
But Caveman is not
*I usually wear wide trousers*
*But I wear jeans today*
*Are you not dressed up for this occasion today*
*I don't have an*
*Well, I don't have * *I don't have A*
*I recommend people who are watching to buy a cup of coffee*
*May add another bagel*
* Dude, I love Bego*
* Sit down and watch Tomba with breakfast*
*You have cheese beans*
*好ㄘ~~*
*I think too *
( ́∀`)
"Brother, I love Bego."
"Fashion"
"I think too"
We are almost just beginning with Caveman and can’t stand Chibi anymore.
We all met people who felt that they knew everything.
I don’t know what I’m talking about.
Chibi is such a person (・∀・)b
*The character design of this game*
*Let me think of Takahashi Celebrity's Adventure Island*
*Sure...*
You know a little social...hey...
Little brother class of your brother Pewdiepie
Ultimate...socialism
I mean...
I mean the ultimate social citizen (?)
If most of the conversations are you doing
Most of the responses from people who talk to you are mostly
"Sure"
"Uh 哼"
"Ok"
This probably means that they are not interested in what you are saying.
You should also ask them questions.
I know
I understand it.
I can master the art of social skills (`ω ́)b
*Well, we have 20 bucks from Iniffy*
*This is 20 yuan to get it, maybe it will be very useful*
Swan
* We also have 5...*
*laugh*
*Don't be good because I like to go back to the darts*
*awkward*
*Back to Dart Addiction?*
* Addiction? * (More provoke...)
God, Chibi, how are you?
My brother Chibi’s talk show is excellent.
Fast response
I saw you know
*So there is a crab here. Is this a good thing* (crab also refers to a grumpy person)
*Yeah...*
That super humorous ( ́∀`)
Good brother Chibi! Yeah~~
Crab is a good thing ∀(^∀^)
You see how happy he is, why he always laughs.
*I haven't seen crabs that can be used like this*
......
*You will not see it in the future*
* This part of the game crab is over*
* rest in peace with crabs*
I hope that your part will also end Chibi.
I am joking, don't be serious!!!
*Like it~ Speed ​​up pants*
*He can speed up your time*
*I really want to get one now*
*laugh*
Sorry, Chibi pants are plural nouns (English ==)
Many people know that you are mentally retarded (`A ́)
It has two pants.
*喔 I hate that I have to wear my pants*
*laugh*
*I mean...*
(Interrupted) * Good rest in peace... Rest in peace Apple*
*time to go*
*I mean I can wear long pants forever*
*Flower hair...*
喔喔喔喔喔喔喔喔~~~~
( ́∀`)
Chibi, let's leave soon.
No one wants you, Chibi!!
*We have 20 pieces from Eoin...*
He is so happy
Any form of attention...
Focus on him
Chibi is willing to bless you...
A... a lonely child knows that the only child in the family means Chibi.
You know it is true you know
*TomBee squirrel addict said that if he pronounced his name, he would give 5 more*
* I hope I didn't miss it~~*
* Accept the challenge* (Chibi what are you doing...)
I like him hesitating before playing the Internet stalk.
Look at him like "I should be so brazen?"
Should you have a cheeky Chibi?
*accept the challenge*
*Street thinness and swelling*
awesome
Great~~
*He doesn't actually talk, so he won't say that under any circumstances*
God == *哼哼哼*
*You can imagine him going *
Do this super painful ( ́A` )
* I have speeding pants *==
*You wait for a turbo pants to wear*
This is the time for you to be jealous.
( ́∀`)
They made a good conversation and talked back to each other.
Communicate with each other but he still has to continue
*You are making me more excited now*
*I don't think you are ready*
*me too*
Don’t talk about it again, just accept Chibi, don’t say it again.
* I need a little time to get my body ready*(?)
You really he X... damn damn
* Do not doubt the power of weapons*
*Sure*
"好喔" XD
*喔 Today is also someone’s birthday欸*
*How likely is it?*
*噗...Yes*
Oh, it was Chibi’s birthday, I didn’t notice.
Maybe that's why Caveman isn't so bad for him.
It’s Chibi’s birthday...Oh my God...this makes the film even better.
Hey
*I haven’t seen it since the Super Mario Bros. U.* (竿子)
*Good jokes*
Swan ಠAಠ
You don’t laugh when you hear a good joke
Instead, it is said in a deadly tone...
"Good joke" ಠ_ಠ
You only know that this joke has "more" humor.
In this case...
How long have they been playing?
18 minutes have not been long
They said that they have to play for an hour and a half.
But Caveman can't stand it anymore.
He...he ( ́∀`)
The atmosphere is too much
He needs to stop, he has to do something
*Good jokes*
Chibi’s words and deeds are fine.
So Caveman can't tell him to shut up.
*So this confirms that the old man's favorite hand is a squirrel*
*It would be great if you could be quiet*
*But you are right*
喔喔喔喔~~~Chibi!!!
Chibi A~~~(・∀・)
*laughing out loud*
*Suck*
No...( ́∀`) (smile and optimism: swept away)
*pewds, are you okay*
Swan~~
Oh...
God bless this is my favorite paragraph
Really bad but very reasonable
I will first show that I am not biased towards one of them.
But I have a little bit on the side of Caveman.
Because if he doesn’t ask for it, it’s really annoying.
I also have a little sympathy for Chibi.
I also think that both of them are...
How many places have been wrong, some aspects
So almost in...
After 30 minutes, after 30 minutes, after a little less...
I think he is quiet for about 30 minutes.
I’ve been sitting there... sullen
That day is his birthday! He is not happy.
Too bad, he sinks into the sofa.
*From TwoStrains...*
*Read the netizen's message* "I want to hear more from the green sweatshirt and let him speak."
(`∀ ́)
I like Caveman and let him talk directly.
*Hi*
Oh, my god, I can’t stand it.
*Beard cool*
*Thank you*
* You got all the pig bags. This means that you have to play all the devils now.*
*The mode of the demon king off*
Why is there a passerby girl holding a paper out? God.
* 5 bucks from DieSOayd*
*Read the netizen message* "Enjoy the customs clearance. If the green jacket guy jumps 10 times, I will fight 10 more."
Green jacket guy A~~~
Let's jump~~喔He is super happy
I told you that he would be super happy when he got attention.
*You can't go back to this place. You will see it first...*
That is not the opening and closing jump * laugh *
( ́∀`)
Oh, this makes me a little excited.
Oh, God...
*Good dude...I don't know. *Oh God...
"Good dude... I don't know."
You have been together on the sofa for an hour. It really works very well. Very good.
*Thank you for the amount of exercise that I have consumed for a week*
*Tomba!2's background music is just as good as the 尴尬 atmosphere*
Dudu~~ God, I want to change to Chibi.
*Thank you for your video game evil pig list*
*What is it like?*
*Hmm... Big King Kong Racing*
*The legend of Salda*
* Earth Adventure*
*Thank you for your video game evil pig list*
*You are welcome*
I mean, you asked him what he asked.
He asked!!...well, I am just
I tried to deal with this
Who are you standing on the side of the Chibi team or the Caveman team?
This is already a few years ago, and no one is birding it.
This is a reply from Caveman.
*Is I angry after playing Tomba!2?*
* The short answer is: No complete reply is: Mom's good insurance is not *
*...I only know that he is called Chibi*
He is still playing Tomba喔
How did he continue to play Tomba??
*...I only know that he is called Chibi*
*It’s a good name for men*
( ́∀`)
It is a good name for men.
*I told him to be quiet because he was too king and I didn't invite him to sit over*
*He is so unsolicited*
*Take your shoulders to my side so that my elbows can't move and still don't...*
It’s just because the prohibition of your elbow being touched by God will only make the scene more embarrassing.
*... Shut up someone seeing the opening and closing jumps he made?*
There is Ah ( ́∀`)
*Swan, at least do a few standard opening and closing jumps*
That is the main mistake of Chibi.
He didn't do it...
Standard opening and closing
This makes me angry every time...
Have been shaking all the time... no one jumps the standard opening and closing fleas every time!
If you don't have any sympathy for Chibi, here are...
A 10-minute film his mother interrupted his paper Mario's quick clearance
*Go to a step!*
*I don't care anymore?*
*We talked about not being able to use these things all night*
*But I didn't use it all night...*
*I don’t care whether it’s a weekend or not. The world is not around you.
*No it is not*
What he should say to his mother is...
"Sorry, I am playing a little faster than the ordinary people of you."
"Mom, you need to leave and go away."
"I am living my own life"
We will not end up thinking that I am sour people.
Although I am all in acid
This clip is my favorite fast clearance
This is for me
Very interesting because it will be super excited
Anyway, it is right ( ́・ω・`)
*One MR-RL moment*
*I and Marc Rutzou (the first person to break the fastest record)*
*I and his X's Marc Rutzou*
*Yes*
* I skip directly 1:13*
*I am his legendary X*
* I never broke 1:13*
*In the future, he has no chance for X*
* directly broke to 1:12 baby*
*To the day I entered the coffin*
Obviously he broke 1:12
*Like it! It’s obvious that he broke 1:12.
* I ended this at a super lucky time*
In this map* I ended this at a super lucky time*
*Bastards!!!*
*I also unplugged the grenades*
*This is the right thing!!* This explanation is also amazing.
This explanation is also amazing.
*This is it*
Because that is obviously the lowest number of seconds the map can break.
*Yes is this game* because that is obviously the lowest number of seconds the map can break.
*I am super fast* because that is obviously the lowest number of seconds the map can break.
*This game will definitely break 1:12*
*Here... right!!!!*
*It’s just this game!!!* This seems like no one has broken (he is the second one)
It seems like no one has broken (he is the second one)
*I must find this full movie and get it*
*Brother is so fast!*
*Fuck him X fast*
*Be optimistic when I get the grenade
(Sorry)
( ́∀`)
Ok, that...
*Let’s see how fast I am going*
I am going to say 呐
* Directly give him a headshot!!! Cool!!!*
* Broken 1:12 baby*
*Yes!!!! Did you see that one?*
I have seen 喔* I really blasted him*
*Look at me this trick to avoid*
*I am like "Yeah baby!"*
* Let's come *
*I wait...
* At the same time as he sneaked while shooting
*Double~*
* Body armor * (?)
*Two fast, I know that I am going the right way*
*Look at my pace*
*50~~*
*49~~*
*47啦宝贝!!!*
Yeah~~~~~~
*No 绰啦~~~* 耶~~~~~~
*That's it!*
*Please look again to support*
*I am waiting because I said "God may be 1:12"*
*It is !!!!!!
*No baby!*
*Yay!!!*
喔~~~
awesome
Let me see every time I am excited
That’s right, some of them are awesome and awesome.
Leave a message below to let me know if you are a Chibi team or a Caveman team.
I think my position is more biased towards Caveman.
But I think they are all autistic
Also look at Crowbcat's channel, he found the film and compiled it.
The above is what I want to say.
Thank you very much for watching.
As usual, sister punches ( ́∀`)